Fb disable workless (#1211)
compsy/u-can-act: README.md

  SHARED_SECRET: <shared secret for generating hmac for generating invite params for invite token link>
  REGISTRATION_URL: <url for sending invites to for person email registration>

>   WORKLESS_DISABLED: <set to 'true' if you want to disable workless>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  WORKLESS_ENABLED: <set to 'true' if you want to enable workless>
```
